One of the first things I notice on the Heroku site is the blue and gray color scheme. The site avoids using too many colors by focusing on about 4 different colors. The simplicity with the colors makes the site clean and unifies all elements on the page. The middle of the page provides a description that clearly displays to the user what the site is about. The user does not have to read through pages to figure out what Heroku offers. Below the short site description is a unique way of further illustrating in detail what Heroku offers. When you click on the feature listing, a text box below displays a little more information about that feature as well as an image of example code or relevant statistics. This description of features is short, succinct and to the point. The footer allows the user to see the overall layout of the site's information architecture and lets the user easily find any page they may want to find without scouring other pages. 

The site's main page is laid out in a single column page with three rows of information. The feature description utilizes a two-column design, which allows for visual content to be display on one column. This design provides a nice variance for the user to attract their attention too. The "How it Works" and "Pricing" pages provide simple layouts that require minimal scrolling for the user. The content on these other pages is highly interactive and gets the user to stay on the page to learn more or get on the Heroku platform. 

The layout I have chosen for my personal site is a single column design, but s fluid layout. I would like my page to be able to scale to various resolutions on the page. This will make my personal site more versatile in the way it is presented. My content on my personal site does not cater well to a two-column page or a gallery style layout. If my content contained more text and less images, the two column layout may tailor to my site. The gallery would have been better used for a site that would be image driven. 
